docs/troubleshooting.md, before:

# Troubleshooting

## Profiling ZSH

In the `./.zshrc` file, there are calls to `zprof` which can be used to output performance related data on load.
Uncomment the two lines (at the beginning and end) and open a shell session to get performance profile data.
Comment them out again when you no longer need the data.

Additionally, you can run the following command to get the same profile data with a stack list of all loaded files in load order.

```shell
zsh -l --sourcetrace
```

Finally, if you want to quickly test changes without opening and closing new shell sessions / terminal windows, you can run this command:

```shell
time zsh -i -c exit
```

This command will initialize a zsh shell session within the current session and exit on load.
Whether or not you have zprof enabled this command will provide time / performance overview numbers.

### "Native" Zsh Config Load Order

1. `.zshenv`
2. `.zprofile` (if login)
3. `.zshrc` (if interactive)
4. `.zlogin` (if login)
5. `.zlogout`

Be careful when setting things on `.zshenv` since it can be overridden by subsequent scripts.
:warning: Only `.zshrc` should be used for things like prompt colors and user scripts.

Commit message:

feat: Improvement suggestions from GPT-5 (#15)
* docs(agent): add wip specs

* docs(agent): spec clarifications

* docs(agent): add comprehensive documentation and templates for agents workspace, including feature specs, implementation plans, and decision records

* docs(agent): add operating guide for agents, detailing contribution processes and quality gates

* docs(agent): update chezmoi command aliases to full commands and enhance conventions section for agents

* fix: improve key bindings for history search, add comment

* style: remove unnecessary blank lines from README.md

* docs(agent): update feature plans

* feat(agent): implement Antidote-based plugin loader with initial plugins

* fix(zsh): always source loader in dot_zshrc

* feat(agent): Move completion zstyle config to `dot_eval`

* feat(agent): add default ZSH_STARTUP_PROFILE export and enable profiling in dot_zshrc

* docs: check off already handled tasks

* fix: update chezmoi ignore to skip agent specific dirs & files

* docs: update readme

* fix: antidote couldn't load plugins from list, needed file

* fix: refactor .zsh_plugins.txt creation

* chore: rename new plugin manager

* fix: zsh plugin management now better configured to respond to environments

* perf: perform and document benchmarks

* docs(agent): include link to artifact in benchmarks

* docs: update AGENTS to include more code change conventions

* chore(agent): remove zplug and references

* chore: update docs to reflect new file naming

* chore: remove wont-do tix

* docs(agent): finalize zsh enhancement release docs

* chore: remove references to warp specific env var

Warp doesn't allow for terminal specific env vars to be loaded before shell startup

* fix(agent): provide history widget fallbacks

* docs: add instructions for agents to validate changes before committing

* fix: cmd history up down bindings work in all terms

* style: fix indents

* fix: updates from reviews

docs/troubleshooting.md, after:

# Troubleshooting

## Shell startup profiling

- Set `ZSH_STARTUP_PROFILE=1` before starting a new shell (`ZSH_STARTUP_PROFILE=1 zsh -i -c exit`) to enable `zprof` instrumentation.
- When the toggle is on, `dot_zshrc` loads `zsh/zprof` early and prints the profile report on exit. Disable by unsetting the variable or exporting `ZSH_STARTUP_PROFILE=0`.
- `zprof` output is noisy; redirect to a file if you need to analyze repeatedly, for example `ZSH_STARTUP_PROFILE=1 zsh -i -c exit &> ~/Desktop/zprof.log`.

## Completion cache and plugin loader

- `dot_eval` owns `compinit` with a one-day cache policy. Force a rebuild with `rm ~/.zcompdump*` followed by launching a new shell.
- Antidote plugin bundles are generated from `dot_zsh_plugins.txt.base` plus runtime toggles in [`dot_zsh_plugins_management.tmpl`](../dot_zsh_plugins_management.tmpl). Re-run `chezmoi apply` after editing the base list to rewrite `~/.zsh_plugins.txt`.
- `LIGHT_SHELL=1` trims the plugin set (skips syntax highlighting) without editing dotfiles.

## Benchmarking changes quickly

- Use `time zsh -i -c exit` to capture cold-start timing. Run it a few times and compare medians before and after changes.
- For load-order inspection, `zsh -l --sourcetrace` prints each sourced file—handy when diagnosing unexpected overrides.
- You may also want to use [`zsh-bench`](https://github.com/romkatv/zsh-bench).

## Zsh load order refresher

1. `.zshenv`
2. `.zprofile` (login shells)
3. `.zshrc` (interactive shells)
4. `.zlogin` (login shells)
5. `.zlogout`

`.zshrc` is the intended spot for interactive niceties; avoid putting prompt logic in `.zshenv` to keep non-interactive shells lean.
